# celloscope
docx-from-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-1__forwarding-and-agreement
docx-from-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-2__organizational-documents
docx-from-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-3__proposed-solution
docx-from-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-4__relevant-experience
docx-from-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-5__professional-resources
docx-from-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__JV-agreement

./odt-from-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-1__forwarding-and-agreement
./odt-from-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-2__organizational-documents
./odt-from-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-3__proposed-solution
./odt-from-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-4__relevant-experience
./odt-from-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-5__professional-resources
./odt-from-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__JV-agreement

work-with-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-1__forwarding-and-agreement
work-with-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-2__organizational-documents
work-with-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-3__proposed-solution
work-with-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-4__relevant-experience
work-with-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-5__professional-resources
work-with-gsheet.bat BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__JV-agreement

./work-with-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-1__forwarding-and-agreement
./work-with-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-2__organizational-documents
./work-with-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-3__proposed-solution
./work-with-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-4__relevant-experience
./work-with-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__book-5__professional-resources
./work-with-gsheet.sh BEC-AI-Chatbot__eoi-submission__JV-agreement
